The Mayweather Clan, a famous name in
boxing circles and justifiably so. Um,
the youngest of the group, Floyd, of
course, making your debut as a main
event fighter this evening. You have not
only your famous uncles, but your dad as
well, who is a a great fighter. Some
people would think that puts pressure on
you, but you actually kind of use it as
strength, don't you?
>> Um, there's no pressure at all. I mean,
boxing just about, you know, staying
focused, you know, relaxing. I mean,
don't worry about, you know, that my
father been to prison before. Don't
worry about none of that stuff. I mean,
far as um Roger career and Jeff career,
just about just about staying focused in
the boxing game.
>> Does it help you that they're there to
support you and give you advice that you
couldn't get from somebody else?
>> I mean, don't just help me and motivates
me. I mean I mean every morning I get
up, you know, my uncle take me out
running and um my uncle Jeff, you know,
set set up deals for me as far as
clothing deals. I mean, and I like it a
lot.
>> Roger, you had a storyried career, two
world championships, you fought the best
in the world. As you look at Floyd and
his skills, how far can those skills
carry him? Well, the difference with
with Floyd
and how where he can take him is really
up to the promoter in terms of how good
he can be, how good he want to be. He
got the skill to do it, but you need a
promoter to do it with you. And that
would that's kind of sums of how great
the fighter want to be. Fighter can be
great on paper don't mean he's a great
fighter. You got a lot of them. So, it's
up to him. He got to do the work. the
real work he got to do. No wrong about
the books, the article, about what the
boxing magazines say. He got to do the
work in order for him to be as good as
he want to be.
>> Floyd, is he a tough taskmaster?
Somebody that's rough to to deal with
when you're training.
>> No, Roger, I mean, basically, I already
knew the, you know, the boxing game.
I've been around the game ever since
I've been a kid. And, um, he just worked
with me and it's a few mistakes I make,
but um, he he always helped me correct
the mistakes. and uh I mean he's the
best thing for me right now.
>> Jeff, in addition to boxing uh in
school, you studied business and you are
in fact taking a big hand in the
business end of Floyd's career. How many
possibilities are there for him in terms
of corporate endorsements or things
beyond the world of boxing
>> within a year or so? I mean that Floyd's
going to be one of the hot properties in
boxing and one of the hottest
commodities in boxing. So I feel that um
you know it's a matter of basically
getting out there and and doing the
ground work and trying to make things
happen you know on the business end and
hopefully you know in time
at this stage in his career it's good to
make the deals now where they can be
longterm.
>> Mhm.
>> So I mean but I mean it's not easy. I
mean because a lot of people don't want
to deal with fighters you know because
boxing has a bad image. But I mean, I
think that Floyd can be kind of like a a
breath of fresh air in a sense because I
mean, he's so young. I mean, he's brash.
He's outspoken.
>> I I noticed that. [laughter]
>> But I mean I mean, but he's he's a hot
commodity because I mean, he I think
he's he's his best marketing machine. I
mean, I don't think he needs someone um
basically out there trying to trying to
sell him. I mean, he he knows how to
sell himself. So, in that respect, I
mean, there's no problem there. And I
mean, I feel that if there's a company
that that's looking for that type of
image, I mean, he's the man for it.
>> All they have to do is call you. We'll
give him your phone number. [laughter]
>> Obviously, one championship you're
targeting is Janiro Hernandez, who has
one of the junior lightweights. You're
smiling already. You're pretty convinced
that you can get that title away from
him during the course of this year,
aren't you? I'm um I supposed to be
fighting Jan Hernandez
um at the end of this year somewhere um
somewhere around September. Um I'm not
going to rush it. I'm just going to take
one fight at a time and if that fight
come up, I'll take care of him, too.
>> Thanks, guys. Floyd, good luck to you in
your first main event this evening.